Update release note with HTTP changes (#1427)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta4-release-note.md

##### Log Package
- Introduced the `setOutputFile` function to write the log output to a file

##### HTTP Package

> - Introduce request and request error interceptors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced request and request error interceptors
```

##### Log Package
- Added `error:StackFrame[]` as a key-value pair type
    
##### HTTP Package

> - Mark HTTP Service type as distinct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Marked the HTTP service type as distinct
```

> - Relax the data-binding restriction for no content status codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Relaxed the data-binding restriction for status codes without content
```

> - Change the Listener.getConfig() API to return InferredListenerConfiguration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the `Listener.getConfig()` API to return an `InferredListenerConfiguration`
```
